README.md, before:

# 2D Complementary Attitude Filter Simulation

This implements a 2D complementary attitude filter for the purposes of analyzing how accelerometer and gyroscope noise affects attitude estimate accuracy.

Supports

* Gaussian accelerometer noise
* Gaussian gyroscope noise
* Brownian motion gyroscope bias drift

## Sample Results

### Low Accel Noise, Low Gyro Noise

```console
python main.py  --gyro-stddev 0.01 --accel-stddev-x 0.01 --accel-stddev-z 0.01
Mean abs error is 0.000424 radians (0.024310 degrees)
```

### Low Accel Noise, High Gyro Noise

```console
python main.py  --gyro-stddev 1.0 --accel-stddev-x 0.01 --accel-stddev-z 0.01
Mean abs error is 0.004991 radians (0.285978 degrees)
```

### High Accel Noise, Low Gyro Noise

```console
python main.py  --gyro-stddev 0.01 --accel-stddev-x 0.5 --accel-stddev-z 0.5
Mean abs error is 0.013562 radians (0.777072 degrees)
```
### High Accel Noise, High Gyro Noise

```console
python main.py  --gyro-stddev 1.0 --accel-stddev-x 0.5 --accel-stddev-z 0.5
Mean abs error is 0.014568 radians (0.834661 degrees)
```

![Results](media/Filter_Results.png)
![Error](media/Angle_Error.png)
![Accelerometer Data](media/Accelerometer_Data.png)
![Gyroscope Data](media/Gyroscope_Data.png)

Commit message:

Add default parameter value printing on --help

README.md, after:

# 2D Complementary Attitude Filter Simulation

This implements a 2D complementary attitude filter for the purposes of analyzing how accelerometer and gyroscope noise affects attitude estimate accuracy.

Supports

* Gaussian accelerometer noise
* Gaussian gyroscope noise
* Brownian motion gyroscope bias drift

Run `python main.py --help` to see a list of available parameters and their default values.

## Sample Results

### Low Accel Noise, Low Gyro Noise

```console
python main.py  --gyro-stddev 0.01 --accel-stddev-x 0.01 --accel-stddev-z 0.01
Mean abs error is 0.000424 radians (0.024310 degrees)
```

### Low Accel Noise, High Gyro Noise

```console
python main.py  --gyro-stddev 1.0 --accel-stddev-x 0.01 --accel-stddev-z 0.01
Mean abs error is 0.004991 radians (0.285978 degrees)
```

### High Accel Noise, Low Gyro Noise

```console
python main.py  --gyro-stddev 0.01 --accel-stddev-x 0.5 --accel-stddev-z 0.5
Mean abs error is 0.013562 radians (0.777072 degrees)
```
### High Accel Noise, High Gyro Noise

```console
python main.py  --gyro-stddev 1.0 --accel-stddev-x 0.5 --accel-stddev-z 0.5
Mean abs error is 0.014568 radians (0.834661 degrees)
```

These results suggest that gyroscope additive noise has a much lower effect on attitude error than accelerometer additive noise, likely because all gyroscope measurements are multiplied by the sampling time (dt).

![Results](media/Filter_Results.png)
![Error](media/Angle_Error.png)
![Accelerometer Data](media/Accelerometer_Data.png)
![Gyroscope Data](media/Gyroscope_Data.png)
